Docs-5685-partner-manager-EA-mc (#33)
mulesoft/docs-partner-manager: modules/ROOT/pages/configure-host.adoc

endif::[]

> Your organization is considered the host partner in Anypoint Partner Manager.

Reviewer: When you use Anypoint Partner Manager (Partner Manager), your organization is considered the host. Configuring the host involves creating a host page (named after your organization) within which you specify the following:

> Within the Host page, which is named after your organization, you can do the following:

Reviewer: Omit per previous.

> * Add B2B identifiers to uniquely identify yourself with your partners.

Reviewer: Remove the first word (verb) from each bullet list item, to grammatically comply with the suggested intro sentence.

Author: Fixed some of this. Will do the rest on the last pass.

* Add certificates owned by your organization.
* Configure global X12 validation settings.
* Add storage for your B2B message payloads.

> == Configure the host

Reviewer: Replace with plain text.
```suggestion
== To configure the host:
```

. Open Partner Manager.

> . From within your Partner Manager environment, select the name of your organization from the left-hand navigation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Select the name of your organization from the navigation pane.
```

> . From here you configure the following based on your indentifier and certificate type as well as any global settings you need to change and the location of your payload storage configuration. 

Reviewer: Suggest omitting this step and replacing it with a step for each bullet item.

> Refer to X12 Settings to change any of the default settings for all X12 received messages.

Reviewer: ditto

> * Add your B2B Identifiers such as the AS2 Identifier, X12 ISA, X12 GS, or DUNS.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Add your B2B identifiers, such as AS2, X12 ISA, X12 GS, or DUNS.
```

> * Upload any Digital certificates (such as an X.509 certificate in PKCS12 file format for the AS2 transport protocol).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Upload any required digital certificates (such as an X.509 certificate in PKCS12 file format for the AS2 transport protocol).
```

> * Change any of the default global X12 validation, acknowledgement, control number, and character set settings.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Change the default global X12 validation, acknowledgment, control number, and character set settings, as required by your environment.
```

> * Storage for your B2B message payloads. Configure the location where you store payloads containing the messages you send to and receive from partners.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Configure the location where you store B2B message payloads.
```

> When you are ready, you can Configure your partner(s).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After you complete this task, you next configure your partner setup.
```

endif::[]

Your organization is considered the host partner in Anypoint Partner Manager.

> Within the Partner page you can add the following as a host partner:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Within the Host page, which is named after your organization, you can do the following:
```

> * B2B identifiers to uniquely identify yourself as a trading partner.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* Add B2B identifiers to uniquely identify yourself with your partners.
```

* Add certificates owned by your organization.

> * Configure global validation, acknowledgement, control number, and character set settings.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* Configure global X12 validation settings which are used with all partner transmissions. You can override them for particular partners on the partner pages.
* Configure the storage location for transmission payloads you receive from your partners.
```

Author: I get the X12 part, but why can we list the types of global validation settings for partners here?

== Configure the host

. Open Partner Manager.
. From within your Partner Manager environment, select the name of your organization from the left-hand navigation.

> . Click the *New Partner* button and select an Identifier from the *Type* drop-down menu. This uniquely identifies you as a trading partner. For example, depending on your setup, select one of the following: AS2, X12 ISA, X12 GS, or the DUNS number.

Reviewer 2: Delete. This. The host is not a partner.

> . Click the *New Partner* button and select an Identifier from the *Type* drop-down menu. This uniquely identifies you as a trading partner. For example, depending on your setup, select one of the following: AS2, X12 ISA, X12 GS, or the DUNS number.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```

> . Click *Create Partner* to create yourself as a host trading partner.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```

> +

Reviewer 2: Hi Maria, 
Please review the steps for configuring the host page. The steps should be a detailed account of how you do the 4 actions outlined above in the intro to this topic.

Author: Oops, some info is missing. NOt sure what happened to it. Will add now.

> You can add the following information as the host organization, by opening this from the *Partners* selection in the left-hand navigation.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```

> * B2B Identifiers such as the AS2 Identifier, X12 ISA, X12 GS, or DUNS.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* Add Identifiers
Step 1, Step 2 , Step 3... 
or refer to the identifier details page
* Add certificates
Step 1, Step 2 , Step 3... 
or refer to the certificate details page
* Configure global X12 validation settings
Step 1, Step 2 , Step 3... 
or refer to the X12 settings page
* Configure payload storage
```

> 

Reviewer 2: Delete everything below
